alright here's part two the synyster
gates arpeggio solo it just goes like
this first ok first you play the main
riff of it which is just going to slide
in almost same three strings on the
bottom to the fourteenth fret and then
you're gonna go 14 e 14 b 14 g 14 b then
you're gonna go 15 e 14 b 14 15 15 / I'm
sorry 14b then 14 g so it's gonna be
near the 17 e 14 feet 40g 14b you're
gonna go 18 e
then 14 b 14 g 14 b so b right now all
you got is there you're gonna go after
that you're going to go 15 e 17 e 18 e
so you have then after that I gonna go
18 after you go like that they're gonna
go 14 to be 14 g 14 p pull-off on the 18
go 17 e 14 b 14 g 14 b 15 e 14 b 14 g 14
week and then you're gonna let go that
hit 14 e 14 day and then 14 g and then
back to 14 be
there you go back into the main race
then the cords are just you just got a
power cord right there on the third or
fifth you just slide it or you can play
3 or 5 insider
that's it I'll put tabs up with the
video so